add rust xdp blog (#292)
ebpf-io/ebpf.io-website: src/posts/2022-10-19-xdp-rust/index.md

---
date: "2022-10-19T17:00:00.000Z"
title: "Writing an eBPF/XDP load-balancer in Rust"
externalUrl: "https://konghq.com/blog/writing-an-ebpf-xdp-load-balancer-in-rust"
categories:
  - Technology
---

{{preview}}

> Go throught this hands on walk through to understand how to build a basic load balancer in Rust

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go through this hands-on walkthrough to understand how to build a basic load balancer in Rust.
```
